What should you do to sing well?
What should you study?
First, you should have a good voice.
Then, what should you do to have a good voice?
You should have a strong body,
a healthy body without illness,
and sing with a good posture.
The posture is like when you are resting.
You should put your legs on one side
and support the weight of your body.
You should make your body comfortable.
But, from the top to the top,
you should always be straight.
When you sing with many people,
you should sing with the same posture as when you are resting.
Next, you should breathe deeply.
When you sing,
you should breathe deeply.
You should breathe deeply.
But, if you breathe deeply,
your chest will be deep.
So, you should breathe deeply.
But, when you breathe,
you should not move your shoulders.
Now, breathe deeply.
Don't move your shoulders.
Some people breathe from their nose,
and some people breathe from their mouth.
Both are correct.
But, when you talk,
you should ask them later
which one is correct.
You should breathe deeply
with your mouth and nose.
That's it.
When you sing,
you should breathe deeply
with your mouth and nose.
That's it.
When you breathe,
you should not make strange sounds
like this.
Next,
you should breathe deeply with your tongue, lips, teeth, and jaw.
When you sing,
you should be careful
with your voice.
When you sing,
you should be careful with your voice.
You should not get in the way
of your lower lip.
Your voice will change
no matter how much you open your mouth.
So, you should be careful
with your voice.